Oh, do you want to do the thing where we stay on after we say bye?
OK, don't you have to pee though?
I do have to pee.
It's like it's when you have to pee, but then it kind of goes away a little bit.
But it's still there.
It's not completely gone, but like I could go a little bit longer, you know.
Did I tell you that I swear I'm just going to change topics entirely?
Well, sort of it's about liquids still.
Did I tell you that I changed kombucha brands?
What?
Yes, I'm no longer drinking BT's pineapple.
I just had the thought the other day, looking at the kombucha aisle, like who buys
these other brands of kombucha?
Like it's GT's.
That's all there is.
What are these other companies trying to make a dent?
Well, one, I don't know who buys it period.
I feel like it's literally just me.
That's going there and just buying like large amounts of.
I never see anyone else in that out.
Yeah, it's like its own little section.
Yeah, same, but what are you?
What are you drinking now?
I went to a burger place by me the other day and they had kombucha as an option.
And I was like, okay, I might as well try it as brand called radiate.
And it was green apple flavored.
It tastes like radiate.
I don't think you're going to be able to get it.
It's like their headquarters is like a mile away from me.
It's local to Miami.
Oh, oh, it's one of those exclusive.
Yeah, because you know what?
It's cold pressed.
It's cold pressed people in real places.
We have stuff like this.
I'm buying it.
I'm going to buy it.
You can shop on their website.
Don't think I'm going to be like this green apple flavor.
I would really enjoy it.
It tastes like a Jolly Rancher almost.
It's just delicious.
I've already got a 24 pack on the way.
My friend thinking you're exclusive with your Miami company.
I get the yeah, I get the 24 pack now.
I get the 24 pack once a month.
Me too.
Turns out.
Well, I get it same day delivered.
You only drink one in a month.
Same day.
They just walk it over your house.
It's literally like it's like down one road.
If you let go down one road for two miles to hit them,
I actually just want to go pick it up.
Okay, here's what I want to do actually.
So they have a wholesale option, right?
Which I imagine maybe might be like 50% cheaper.
Well, it's $84 for a 24 pack.
So I hope so.
Go ahead.
$84.
Is that what it is?
It's $24 a cans.
$84.
Yeah, $34 a can.
I want to ask them like, hey,
can I upfront give you cash for like a year's worth?
Like whatever the minimum wholesale amount.
Can I give you that?
But except instead of like selling,
giving it to me all at once.
Can you just deliver it like once a month?
Like I'll have front play for like a year's supply.
Like if you can give me like 30% off.
That's committed.
You're basically just a retail usage pattern,
but you want to get the discount, yeah.
Yeah, but they get the money upfront.
So, you know, it's a good deal for them.
I would do it if I were them.
Well, you think it's half off?
That's, that'd be incredible.
I guess.
This caboose cam was cost like 10 cents to make.
Like not even.
Right.
It's so cheap to make.
Huh.
Yeah, I'm like, yeah.
I'm really curious.
I'm going to order a case of this.
Cause this sounds, oh, I mean, anything that's exclusive.
I get immediately.
It's not exclusive.
I never meant to imply it was exclusive.
I just meant it's local.
Well, you made it sound like it was only for Miamians.
Miamians?
Miamians.
Well, it's just convenient.
Cause here's the other thing.
I think GT's mastered the shipping.
Cause like they ship everywhere.
Like even to the middle of nowhere where you are, you got GT's pineapple.
Okay.
Uh, somehow he managed to get it there and it's so fizzy when you drink it.
I imagine.
And like it's not.
It is.
Not a problem.
Yeah.
No, it's good.
We have good, we have good GT's kombucha here.
It's not.
Second rate.
So I don't know if radiate has figured that out.
I don't know how.
Oh, so it might not be as good when it gets here.
That's what you're trying to say.
I'm saying if you don't live a mile away, that's fresh, fresh from the tanks.
When they drop it off, they don't ring my doorbell.
So there's leave it in the front and it's like warm at that point and I'm like, is this
okay?
It's been fine.
Like they don't ship it with I drink anything with floating bacteria in it.
I want it to be cold.
I get in the fridge pretty quickly, but I wonder if they ship it as far as they ship
to you.
Like are they making sure it's cold the whole time?
That's a great question.
Like it can't leave at room temperature or like outdoor temperature for like two days.
Can they?
No, no.
Well, we ordered lots of food like we've done meal plans and stuff and they send them in
like the big, like dry ice thing, like dry ice.
Yeah.
The boys love playing with the dry ice.
I know me too.
I put in the sink.
It's a flop.
You too.
Yeah.
I love it.
Just billows all over.
Yeah.
I've been playing with ice for a long time.
There's one review on the green apple radiate online.
Is it by me?
Did I write it?
Maybe Clifford G. is that you?
In a topsy turvy world of five stars, by the way, in a topsy turvy world, radiate green
apple kombucha continues to be my north star capital in capital S. Joking, of course, that
would be my wife.
This guy totally hangs out on LinkedIn, but radiate green apple is by miles my favorite
kombucha of all time.
Clifford G.
That was a recent review.
I just pulled it up September 29th as a month ago.
I feel like I feel like that's fake, but maybe not.
So they have other flavors, but I'm like too scared to try them.
Because I like the green apple one so much that I don't want to have a better experience.
If I have a good thing at a place, I will get that thing for the rest of my life.
I'd never try anything else.
If I know I like a thing, I don't go to that place very often.
If it's a restaurant or something, like I'm going to get that same thing repeatedly.
Yeah.
They do have a pineapple which I've tried.
And I think the GT's pineapple one's actually better, but the other ones are a little like
intimidating.
They're called mermaid magic, black rose, black rose, flower power, no about this pollinator.
Pollinator.
What is that supposed to mean?
Poppy poppy.
The green apple sounds delicious.
I'm going to try it.
We'll see.
You went for the 24.
You didn't even go for the 12.
You like all in.
Oh, I'm going to straight for the.
You got to get enough time.
I'm going to have to really, you know, two a day for the lips, and I sure I really liked
it.
I got the cans.
They look small.
They are small.
Okay.
That's another thing I like.
It's the GT's one when you open it.
It's a big commitment.
Like to drink the whole thing.
Yeah.
No, it's a, it's like a pretty big drink yet to have in one sitting for sure.
I don't actually, I just drink half, but then it like the fizziness goes away pretty quickly.
So that's why I'm like, okay, this is the right size.
This is like, I can always.
Yeah.
Oh, look, you got one right there.
Have you been holding it up the whole time?
Have it just been staring at the website and I said, I don't remember, but yeah, it's
real.
No joke.
Okay.
I really do have to pee now.
I think we're going to have to actually get off.
All right.
Cool.
Thanks for your world.
This, this podcast has been my North Star.
Yeah.
It's the only consistent part of my schedule.
It really is like the only consistent thing I've done most this year.
So, but we're just taking a holiday break.
Everybody calm down.
It's not acting like we're never going to see each other again.
I'm going to call you like tomorrow and I'll be like, we got to talk, listen, but I'm not
going to pick up.
Okay.
We'll find.
All right.
See you next.
Bye bye.